Build out the principles from the starter lines (#8)
UKHomeOffice/core-cloud: documentation/principles/cost-effective.md

layout: sub-navigation
order: 105
title: Cost Effective
excerpt: We aim to help teams reduce build and run costs.
tags:
- principle
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: principles
---
**We operate consumption-based billing**. \

> This means teams only pay for their usage and are incentivised to optimise their resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers are charged on a consumption model and are incentivised to optimise their resources. 
```
Suggesting `Customer` over team or account as they can mean different things to different people. Also changed from saying only pay for their usage because at some point I'm sure there will be overheads that need to be covered i.e. building in costs for the support model will need to be paid regardless of whether customers submit any support requests or not

Author: 👍

> **We support customers in optimising their resources** using techniques like autoscaling, downscaling, spot pricing and ARM powered instances.

Reviewer: Only a tiny iteration of @nickmcmahon01's suggestion. Changing `will` to `can` i.e. if you get your autoscaling wrong it can increases costs and that responsibility sits with the customer in this context.
```suggestion
**We support customers in optimising their resources.** \
Techniques like autoscaling, downscaling, spot pricing and ARM powered instances can lower costs and improve performance.
```

**Sensible defaults** in our service catalogue mean teams can run cheaply by default and won't have to spend development effort reinventing the wheel.

> **Shared capability** of common tooling reduces the cost and effort for each team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Shared services** will be used to reduce the cost and effort for each customer wherever we can maintain a customer's isolation.
```
I think shared resources goes beyond tooling and I'm not so comfortable with the term `tooling` yet as it seems to get everyone talking about common pipeline and CTF etc.

Author: Can we meet in the middle and drop `wherever we can maintain a customer's isolation` as too involved in implementation specifics?

Reviewer: Sure, now I read it back I wonder why I tacked that onto the end. I know the isolation/insulation is important but it's different than the cost principles and so I shouldn't tack onto the end of everything
